today to show what I need I'm a bobsled
and I know you think they're baked with
their manes because there's some fairy
tale big ones yes um
tre you just eat up all the paper towels
you can cut up green buttons on it these
are all the houses yeah
once and there are also ready uncle T
it's their thing they like to do I found
out what they talking to this one likes
to drink tea in her house this one likes
to watch her sailboat go round and round
in the water my mom helped me draw some
fish and this is a little path I do some
lollipops for the flowers and this one
likes to run around this one likes to
stay and eat lunch and he's just likes
to go up and the trancer CH 4 stars and
each it would like to head home one if
one doesn't have the best place to speak
they can sleep in the tent and i also
have
ok
yeah I also have this
p ro seven
and we made a real castle shewali pop my
mom made
so I made these grunts in the school bus
okay a little area bike